Meeting Minutes 7.2

https://github.com/bizzlebin/team/blob/master/meeting_minutes/meeting_minutes_7.2.txt

***

By Anna Malmberg, et al

***

Created on 2020-07-09

+++
Summary

Thursday meeting on 2020-07-09 of TEAM Exists As Metonym, focus beginning final steps for SRS and HLD. LLD submitted 2020-07-08.

**Call To Order**: Jeremiah Thomas 20:00

+++
Attendance

**Present**: Anna Malmberg, Stavros Bannoura, Zachary Wawrzaszek, Jeremiah Thomas, Sandhya Joshi
**Absent**: None

+++
Presentations

**Anna**: Verified that user stories match up with current requirements, proposed a report to fill one requirement. Updated verbiage on F4US01 so it does not require a report using the user lag. Planned to do some formatting to SRS/HLD over the weekend so they are cleaned up for final tweaks next weekend.
**Sandhya**: Rewrote all requirements to meat 5W and H, submitted change requests, re-arranged MoSCoW requirements. Planned to update change requests and SRS after meeting.
**Stavros**: Edited some parts of section 3 of HLD to match better with SRS and LLD, planned to continue working on it. Planned to work on V&V section next week.
**Zach**: Added section regarding reports to HLD, made changes to libraries section. Planned to continue comparing SRS and LLD to make sure the HLD is consistent.
**Jeremiah**: Helped working with the SRS, made final updates to LLD before submission. Planned to add some more tasks for next week.

+++
Round Table Discussion Regarding LLD

**Anna**: No specific feedback on LLD, liked addition of database diagram
**Sandhya**: No specific comments on LLD, liked pseudocode section
**Stavros**: Learned a lot about the specifics of the design from working on the LLD
**Zach**: Thinks LLD looks great
**Jeremiah**: Learned there was some confusion about how the database is supposed to work, what it stores and the scope of what we are tracking it with
**Stavros**: Learned how to design diagrams
**Zach**: Learned how to build a database diagram for the tables and how they link together

+++
Vote On Change Control Requests

**31**: Accept
**32**: Accept
**33**: Accept
**34**: Accept
**35**: Accept
**36**: Accept
**37**: Accept
**38**: Accept
**39**: Accept
**40**: Accept
**41**: Accept
**42**: Accept
**44**: Accept, with discussion to follow
**45**: Accept
**46**: Accept
**47**: Accept
**48**: Accept
**49**: Accept
**50**: Accept

+++
Closing remarks from Project Manager

• Check all material related to SRS and HLD are consistent
• Make improvements to ensure quality of final deliverables
• Ask for help if you need it

+++
Adjournment

**Call To Close**: Jeremiah Thomas 20:43
**Next Meeting Scheduled** 2020-07-14 20:00