Meeting Minutes 8.2

https://github.com/bizzlebin/team/blob/master/meeting_minutes/meeting_minutes_8.2.txt

***

By Anna Malmberg, et al

***

Created on 2020-07-16

+++
Summary

Thursday meeting on 2020-07-16 of TEAM Exists As Metonym, focus on final steps for SRS and HLD. Roundtable discussion on remaining SRS and HLD fixes.

**Call To Order**: Jeremiah Thomas 20:00

+++
Attendance

**Present**: Anna Malmberg, Jeremiah Thomas, Sandhya Joshi
**Tardy**: Stavros Bannoura
**Absent**: Zachary Wawrzaszek

+++
Presentations

**Anna**: Worked on copyedit of SRS and HLD documents
**Sandhya**: Did some edits to SRS, proofreading and connecting the functional requirements with the V&V document.
**Jeremiah**: Overhauled the RTM and V&V divisions in the SRS so they are more modular, updated readme

+++
SRS/HLD Roundtable

**Anna**: Worked on the SRS and HLD, still have a few questions for Zach that have not been resolved
**Jeremiah**: Order prioritation of requirements needs to be double checked
**Sandhya**: Happy with SRS/HLD
**Stavros**: HLD looks in good shape other than some minor tweaks
**Anna**: Diagrams should be correct with updates from today
**Jeremiah**: Section 3.11 is missing in HLD - Zach?
**Stravros**: Thought section 3.11 was not needed? Maybe put in a DNA statement
**Jeremiah**: Section 3.7 needs to specify what level user has access to reports

+++
Adjournment

**Call To Close**: Jeremiah Thomas 20:16
**Next Meeting Scheduled** 2020-07-21 20:00